Improvements necessary to my Graduate Research Proposal

Summary of why Yangs proposal summary is good:
1. General statement of the changes being made to the Grid and benefit those changes will have
2. Followed immediately by the challenges and specific examples of difficulties faced by industry
3. Simplify and specify the problem 
4. followed by what this proposal will use to solve the problem.
4.a general statement of how to use systems
5. The procedure of exactly what is going to be completed.
6. Followed by a brief and specific description of the application.
7. What will the completion of this project allow people to do.
8. Description of incorporating wide range of topics
9. Specific examples of applications that can benefit outside the scope of direct completion of the from this project. Education
10. Industry partners lined up.


Necessary improvements to paper:
1. More concise and clear of the technical problems utilities are facing
	-Why batteries will be necessary
	-challenges of identifying and implementing batteries.
	-Ties to PV.
2. The ideas are there, but its not incredibly specific and too many. Unorganized
3. Too many problems and too much background.
4. Solution is not concisely laid out 


----------------------------------------------------------------------

1. home based batteries provide benefits to the grid and the customer 
	Batteries becoming cost effective to regulate PV and keep grid safe.
2. Difficult to identify batteries (regulations and utility capability) and assess impact they have.
	challenges of monitoring DER/BESS
	No way to assess positive impact of Storage systems
	lack of knowledge of the distribution grid.
	current lack of communication networks
	
3. How to adapt to the new technology and assess impacts?
4. New heterogeneous data is being collected from smart meters 
	new tools accessible to analyze and control system
	efficient topology reconstruction
	control algorithms
	modeling software  
4a. Leverage new capability of available data, machine learning, 	
5a. expand on topology estimation of PV to include identifying battery systems, and provide tools to assess impact
5. Use data to identify battery systems
	generate battery AMI data using control models (aashiek paper)
	Combine with PV to identify systems with batteries. Compare accuracy
	Extract estimated battery parameters from data. Compare output parameters with inputs
	Identify key features needed to asses battery
	develop algorithm to assess impacts battery systems having on grid 
	develop algorithm to adjust certain battery parameters to improve grid preformance
6. These tools will allow operators to assess battery impacts to safely increase PV threshold
7. success of our project allow operators to provide recommendations and estimate state of devices on the grid
8. multidimensional project combining data, probability, power systems, forecasting, PV
9. give reason to educate customers, increase hosting capacity, understand information that is necessary to model a battery
10. Use industry data (DLC)
	